a new delivery address to my account,It's easy! Just follow the below steps:
    • To add an additional delivery address to your account:
    • Click on“Your Account”in the top right corner of your screen.
(If you are logged in you would see your name there)
    • Now click on“Manage My Account”in the drop down.
    • You will be directed to your account where you will find"Address Book"in the left side of the screen.
    • Click on“Add a New Address”button, enter you complete new address & click on“Save This Address”.
    • You can also set your Default shipping address by clicking on"Make Default Shipping Address".
Note: Billing Address feature is not available for COD (Cash On Delivery) orders.

deactivate my account,We are sorry to know that you want to deactivate your Daraz Account. Please note that you can contact us on live chat, and we will facilitate your Account Deactivation request. 
Once your account is deactivated, you may not be able to make the below changes. 
    1. You cannot use the same email and contact number to create a new account. 
    2. You will not have access to your customer profile including your reviews and purchase history. 
    3. You won’t be able to log in to your Daraz account, which means you cannot file any return or refund request. You cannot use your refund voucher issued to the account if there is any. 
NOTE: You can always keep your account active but simply log-out from your account and unsubscribe from our newsletter. This way you will not receive any Push Notifications or emails from Daraz but your account will be active for any time you wish to come back and shop again from Daraz.

 get the OTP or verification code when signing up,In case you don't receive the OTP when signing up, please contact us via live chat from Sun - Fri 7 am - 9 pm, Sat 9 am - 9 pm. We will facilitate you accordingly.

sign-up as a customer on Daraz,It's super easy! Just follow the below steps:
For Daraz App:

    • Open"Daraz App".
    • Go to "Account" section at the bottom right corner of your DarazApp.
    • Click on "Login / Sign Up"button.
    • Select"Sign Up"option.
    • Enter your correct"Mobile Number" & click on"Send"button for"Verification Code".
    • Enter"Verification Code"& click on"Next"button.
    • Add your personal details:
    1. Name
    2. Valid email address
For Desktop:

    • Start by clicking on “Sign Up” in the top right corner of your screen.
    • You will then be asked to provide some basic & valid information.
    • When you have provided the required information.
    • Click" Submit" to finish the sign-up process.
You can also refer to our YouTube Video for ease below:



to Unsubscribe a Daraz Newsletter,if you want to unsubscribe Daraz Newsletters, then you need to follow the below-mentioned steps:
Step #1- Find the “Unsubscribe Newsletter” button.
Step #2- Click on it, it will redirect on this page:
Step #3 – Click on Submit Form once you have selected the reason. You may proceed without selecting a reason but we would appreciate your feedback.
It will take 24 hours to remove your email. We will really miss you. Hope to see you again.

To reset my password through Email/SMS.Please follow the below simple steps to reset your password:
    1. Click Forgot Password
    2. Add Phone Number or Email
    3. Press Send to get the Verification Code on Email/SMS.
    4. Click Verify Code
    5. Enter New Password
    6. Retype Password to confirm
Your password will be reset.

 to subscribe Daraz newsletters
ToSubscribeto the Newsletter of Daraz, you need to follow the below simple steps on theDaraz Website:
    1. Log in to your Account
    2. Tapyour name at the top right corner
    3. ClickManage My Account
    4. ClickSubscribe from our Newsletterunder thePersonal Profile section
    5. ReadDaraz Privacy Policy
    6. If you agree to the policy, clickSubscribe
Note: It can only be done through website.

to subscribe Daraz newsletters
ToSubscribeto the Newsletter of Daraz, you need to follow the below simple steps on theDaraz Website:
    1. Log in to your Account
    2. Tapyour name at the top right corner
    3. ClickManage My Account
    4. ClickSubscribe from our Newsletterunder thePersonal Profile section
    5. ReadDaraz Privacy Policy
    6. If you agree to the policy, clickSubscribe
Note: It can only be done through website.


Notifications update you on the current and upcoming promotions and campaigns or the discounts offered by Daraz.
If you want to Turn-on the Push Notifications, you need to follow the below-mentioned steps:

1. Open Daraz App & click My Accounts
2. Click Settings
3. Select Messages
4. You can check the desired notifications
If you want to Turn-off the Push Notifications, uncheck the relevant Message type that you no longer wish to receive.

You can change your personal details on Daraz by following the below simple steps:
    1. Open the Daraz app and log in to your Account
    2. Click Setting
    3. Click Account information
    4. Select the Field you want to update. You can change your Name, Password, Number, Email, Gender, and Birthday date.


If you are having trouble placing products in your cart, please make sure that you have made all relevant size and color selections. 
If you still have problems, this may mean that the item you are trying to buy is sold out. Please get in touch with our Customer Support Team via Live Chat( between 7am to 9 pm from Sunday to Friday, and 9am to 9pm on Saturday)


Having a Daraz account helps us to make your shopping experience fast, secure and convenient. You can create your own Daraz account or simply use your Facebook login.


To remove an item from your shopping cart, please follow these steps:
-Desktop:
Step 1 – Go to your“Cart”.
Step 2 - Slide to left on the item you want to"Delete" or you can add into your "Wishlist".
Step 3 - Select the desired option.


call daraz to place an order,Unfortunately, our customer service representatives are unable to place an order.
However, placing an order on Daraz is really simple, and we would love for you to try it out for yourself! Simply create and account, select what you are looking for and pay!
We recommend that you refer to this link for more information.


place an order on Daraz,Before you can start shopping, make sure you have registered an account on Daraz.
Browse through our categories/sub-categories or use the search bar to find your favorite products
We recommend that you always check the rating of the seller and go through the reviews section where you can also see the images of the product uploaded by other valuable buyers just like you.
On the product details page, you can either tap:
"Store" to see the rating of the seller or
"Chat Now" to discuss or make an offer with the seller or
"Add to Cart" to place the selected item on your shopping cart or
"Buy Now" to place an order directly.

unable to find my location during order placement
Please note that the certain locations are currently not available in the Order placement system. However, we will still continue to deliver your orders to your current location. 
For now, please select one of the nearest locations by editing shipping address on check out screen as per the details below. You can further confirm your exact location by typing in your address, landmark (like temple, school, hotels, etc).
Why do I see different prices for the same product?
Daraz is a marketplace. We have a huge seller base and each one sources their product differently due to which prices vary for the same product but you can choose depending on your preference as the product quality remains the same.









Can I buy the digital goods on COD / Esewa/Khalti or any other digital payment partners
We accept prepayments from eSewa and Credit/Debit only for the order of digital goods on our platform.


All PAN/VAT registered business with business bank account are eligible to be a seller on Daraz. 
Sign up yourself using this link
For more information, contact us on seller.np@care.daraz.com

register ,Three simple steps – register and list your products, receive orders, and sell across Nepal, get payments, and grow your business. 
For details on the process, just log on to Daraz.com.np and check the sell-on Daraz page.
Click for more detail.



Daraz is here to make your grocery shopping an easy and simple affair. Daraz Fresh or dFresh is a subsection of Daraz Mart, which is a service to deliver fresh fruits and vegetables to your doorstep. Now you can order fresh fruits, vegetables, bread, and much more from the comfort of your home.
Following are the key features of dFresh products:
    1. Everyday low price: The freshly procured and great quality fruits and vegetables at the most economical price.
    2. Fast Delivery: Next Day Delivery if order placed before 7:30 PM.
Note: All the orders placed after 7:30 pm on Thursday till 7:30 pm on Saturday will be delivered on Sunday.
    3. Save Time & Money: Save yourself from the hassle of spending time in grocery shopping, and bargaining with the local fruits and vegetable sellers.

The delivery timeline of dMart products varies as per the following:
    • City of delivery
    • Home Shipping
    • Express Delivery (max 5kgs per seller in one cart)
To find the accurate estimate of delivery time, please select your location on the Product Page.

DarazMall is basically Nepal's largest shopping mall! It is a dedicated channel on the Daraz platform with a carefully curated selection of branded products sourced directly from brands and brand-authorized sellers. Shopping on DarazMall is the highest-quality online shopping experience you can get. 
DarazMall offers customers the highest-quality online shopping experience by delivering on the following promises: 
    • 100% Authenticity: On DarazMall, we guarantee you will receive only original, authentic branded products.
    • 14 day easy returns: 14 day easy returns for all DarazMall products, except non-returnable categories as per Daraz guidelines. *Click here to see the Return Policy Per Category .

The delivery timeline of DarazMall or any other products depends upon the initial pick up point (seller location) and the delivery destination (shipping address). 
You can find the accurate estimated delivery timeline on the Product Description Page by keeping your shipping address.


We accept all major "Credit" and "Debit" card that are supported by "Visa and MasterCard"
Please check this link out to know more about our Banking partners, offers and payment process.
Difficulty for payment through Credit/Debit cards? check this video.

To use the eSewa Wallet on Daraz, customers please link your eSewa account. Once linked, you can perform seamless transactions with just an OTP ensuring minimal time spent at check-out. 
First time user? Please follow the steps below:
    1. Add the items to your cart and Proceed to Checkout
    2. Select eSewa Wallet option
    3. Login to your eSewa account using your eSewa ID and your Password
    4. Ensure your eSewa account is active and has sufficient balance
    5. Accept terms and conditions and enter OTP (one time password) sent to your registered mobile number
    6. Select your eSewa account from payment method and click pay now
Already a registered user? (users who have already linked their account)
    1. Add the items to your cart and Proceed to Checkout
    2. Select your eSewa account from payment options
    3. Enter OTP (one time password) sent to your registered mobile number

Your security is important to us and we take it very seriously. Every credit/debit card transaction occurs within a secure environment. We do retain your credit/debit card information after your order is completed it is submitted directly to our banks to process your payment. 

To add the card details, you need to click on Toggle Button next to the Save Card option on the payment page. 
Please follow the below simple steps on the product page: 
Add to Cart > Check Out > Proceed to Pay > Select Credit / Debit Card > Enter Card Details > Save Now


No, you need to prepay using debit/credit card or eSewa to avail our pick-up point service. 
    • Credit/Debit Card
    • eSewa

Yes, you can pick it up from logistic partner offices. Please contact our Live Chat team prior arrange pick up of order items.

The delivery timeline of the FBD product is based on the City of Destination, or you can find the accurate delivery timeline on the Product Display page. 


Upon receiving OTP, A customer can pick their order within 3 working days from Pick-up Point. The last date to collect the package will be mentioned on the email/SMS. 
Daraz Pickup Points are open Sunday to Friday (9 am to 6 pm). 
Note: If the package is not collected within the mentioned deadline, it will result in the cancellation of the order. 

No! Daraz does not deliver orders outside Nepal.


To Track Order , simply head over to 
Login >My Orders > Select your order > Track Package

Shipping rate is calculated is based on the weight of the products, the origin from where the item is picked from and the destination to where it is delivered.
The total shipping fee charged will be clearly indicated for each product individually at the main product page and the total shipping fee for the cart will be displayed at the checkout page.


To access the return tracking number, please follow these steps: 
1 - Go to Account > My Returns 
2 - Select the order to be returned 
3 - Click on Return Requested
4 - You can now view the return tracking number

Returning an item is free and this is the same for both “Pick-up” and “Drop-off” options. 

return process,After you have submitted your request, and your item has been picked up or dropped off, it takes 4 to 9 business days for the return process to be completed. 
You may refer to the image below to have a better understanding of the Return Process.

To claim your warranty, please refer to the manufacturer or (Service Center) details given on the warranty card included with your product (if applicable). If there is no warranty card, please check the user manual, product packaging for the details. Feel free to contact us through Live Chat for further help.

Note: To check if the warranty card is available with the product, you need to scroll down the product page, in the product description, read "What's in the box" information.

If it has been less than 7 days since delivery: 
You may be able to return your product without using a warranty. See our Return policy for detailed information. 
If it has been more than 7 days since delivery and the product has a warranty: 
Please contact the service center listed on the warranty card included with your product or call Daraz and we will provide the contact for you. 
If it has been more than 7 days since delivery and the product has no warranty: 
Unfortunately, Daraz will be unable to cover the item and you will be responsible for repair costs. 

If you bought a product that is eligible for servicing, please send the product(s) directly to the Service Center indicated on the warranty card included with your product. If there is no warranty card, please check the user manual or product packaging for more details. 
For a prompt warranty claim kindly include all the accessories, information included in packaging and proof of purchase from Daraz (invoice). 

Please refer to the manufacturer (or service center) details on the warranty card included with your product or go to your product page on Daraz.pk and look for warranty/service center information in the ‘description‘ tab. 
If there is no warranty card, please check the user manual or product packaging for more details. 

If your product is within the warranty duration and is damaged by mechanical or electrical systems, you don't have to worry about the repairing cost. You will be covered. 
If your product is past the warranty duration or is physically damaged, you will be responsible for the repair cost. We suggest you repair the product at the service center authorized by the manufacturer (the warranty center on your warranty card) for better quality services.

For returns: Once we have received your product (2-6 working days) and it has undergone a quality control (2-3 working days), shall take 3 more working days for the eSewa refund once marked "refund issued". 
For cancelation: eSewa refunds are processed and reflected in your account within 3 working days once the Order is marked canceled and status changes to "refund issued" on your app/website. 
Please check your eSewa wallet. Shall your refund has not been processed yet; please get in touch with our Live Chat team so we can do the needful.


Two Types of Refund: 
Refund against Return orders 
Refund is processed once Daraz has cleared the Quality Evaluation for the returned item. Learn more about our Return Policy. 
Refund against Cancelled orders 
Refund is automatically triggered once the cancellation has been successfully processed. 
How long is the refund process? 
Once your refund status has been updated to “Refunded”, our refund will generally take up to 10 days to reflect on your bank statement. You will receive an email and SMS confirmation from us when your refund has been issued. 
Your refund will be based on the payment method used at the time of purchase.

The shipping fee is refunded along with the amount paid for your returned product. You will be refunded in the following cases:
Your order was cancelled
There was a failed delivery
Return due to damaged, defective or expired item
Return due to incorrect, not as advertised or counterfeit item
Return due to incorrect size of the item
Return due to missing items, freebies or accessories
Return due to change of mind about the item


Please do not worry, if the status is already "Refunded' it means that the refunded amount is now with your bank and is in the final processing stage. Depending on how your bank processes the refund, it may take up to 10 additional business days for the amount to appear on your statement.
We understand that the process takes some time, but please be assured that the amount will be credited back to you. Please see the chart below for more information on the additional processing time.
After the return package is either dropped, or picked by our rider, we receive the package in the warehouse and complete the decision on returned item(s) within 5 to 10 business days as shown above depending on the city you live in. After the evaluation is complete, if the item is eligible for refund, the status becomes “Refunded” for the item returned on your Daraz app/website, then it may take upto additional 10 business days to reflect the refund amount on your account depending on the refund method as listed below. If the return is not eligible for return, it will be sent back to you.


Yes, you can use multiple collectible vouchers in one order. The limit for voucher use in one order is a maximum of one Daraz voucher per order and a maximum of one seller voucher per seller. 
Furthermore, you can use different collectible vouchers from different sellers in one order. However, the limit is of one voucher per seller.


If your voucher value is less than the order amount, you’ll be asked to select an additional payment method to complete the payment.

You can select the payment option at the time of checkout.


A Collectible Voucher is one that can be collected and stored in a customer's account for later usage before it expires. Discounts are automatically applied once the criteria are met.
Collectible Voucher Terms & Conditions: 
    • There is no limit for collecting vouchers from a seller. You can collect as many vouchers as you want, however, you can only use one voucher per seller in an order. 
    • Collectible vouchers are non-transferable. 
    • You can make a purchase using the voucher anytime till the voucher is valid. 
    • Collectible vouchers will reflect in the Vouchers section in the Account tab 
    • Voucher validity can be viewed in the Vouchers section of My Accounts in the Daraz app. 
    • Voucher code and collectible vouchers can be used together.



You can check the available vouchers in your Account by following the below simple steps:
    • Login to Daraz Account and click on the Account option at the bottom of your homepage.
    • You will see the Vouchers option next to followed Stores. Click the Vouchers option.
    • You can check all the Vouchers available in your account. For more details like T&Cs and validity of any voucher click on the Detail option.


Daraz Saathi is a referral program re-introduced to encourage organic app installs. This program is available on APP only. 
My order value is more than my voucher amount. What do I do?
If your voucher value is less than the order amount, you’ll be asked to select an additional payment method to complete the payment.

You can select the payment option at the time of checkout.

To Track Order , simply head over to 
Login >My Orders > Select your order > Track Package
You can LIVE track the Order Journey at every stage from the Order Placement till the Order Delivery
3rd party Tracking
Alternatively, for 3rd party couriers after the package is handed over to them, you can also track your parcel using the Tracking number.
ARAMEX: Paste your return tracking number on the Aramex Tracking Page website or contact at 01-5178100/ 01-4112200/ 41122366
TOTAL: Contact below numbers for your inquiry regarding shipment tracker from Total Logistics:
Nepalgunj: 9801915205/9801901444
Surkhet: 9801914824
Inside Valley: 9801915283/9801914844/01-5548090

If you require further information, you can reach our team on Live Chat (between 7am to 9pm from Sunday to Friday and 9am-9pm on Saturday)


To access the return tracking number, please follow these steps: 
1 - Go to Account > My Returns 
2 - Select the order to be returned 
3 - Click on Return Requested
4 - You can now view the return tracking number


Daraz EMI (Easy Monthly Instalment) is a service that allows you to purchase certain items through a monthly instalment payment plan using your credit card (with selected banks). Please note that the full outstanding payment will be blocked on your credit card and released as you pay your monthly instalments. The blocked amount will also be visible on your monthly statement as well. Click here for more details on the EMI plan.
Below banks are offering instalment on Daraz.
    • NIC Asia
    • Sunrise Bank Limited
    • Citizens Bank
    • Machhapuchchhre Bank Limited


Paying on Daraz is super easy. Please refer to this video:
We have the following payment methods through which you can make a payment:
    • Cash On Delivery
    • Credit/Debit Card
    • eSewa



    • To add an additional delivery address to your account:
    • Click on“Your Account”in the top right corner of your screen.
(If you are logged in you would see your name there)
    • Now click on“Manage My Account”in the drop down.
    • You will be directed to your account where you will find"Address Book"in the left side of the screen.
    • Click on“Add a New Address”button, enter you complete new address & click on“Save This Address”.
    • You can also set your Default shipping address by clicking on"Make Default Shipping Address".
Note: Billing Address feature is not available for COD (Cash On Delivery) orders.

Daraz’s Returns Policy,If your product is damaged, defective, incorrect or incomplete at the time of delivery, please file a return request on the app or website within 14 days for Dmall items and 7 days for non-Dmall items of the delivery date.For selected categories, we accept a change of mind: Men’s Fashion, Women’s Fashion, Men’s bags, Women’s bags, Luggage & Suitcase, Bedding, Bath. Exceptions are Women's intimate wear, men's innerwear and overseas products.For device-related issues after usage or the expiration of the return window, seller warranty or brand warranty could be given by the seller. For a seller warranty, please contact the seller. The contact details of the seller can be found on the invoice. For brand warranty, please refer to the brand contact list. For more information on warranty claims please view our Warranty Policy.
You can find the relevant warranty and returns terms on the product page’s “Return & Warranty” section. For more information view the complete list of non-returnable items.
Valid Reasons to Return an item: 
    • Delivered product is damaged (it is broken or has dents and scratches), defective (not functioning or dead on arrival) or it is expired. 
    • Delivered product is incorrect, not as advertised on website, or counterfeit (fake or replica) 
    • Delivered product is of incorrect size or does not fit you
    • Delivered product is incomplete (missing items, accessories or freebies)
    • Delivered product is no longer needed (you don't want the item anymore or you changed your mind) - eligible for selected products only. 
Change of mind returns 
We accept a change of mind for selected categories: Men’s Fashion, Women’s Fashion, Men’s bags, Women’s bags, Luggage & Suitcase, Bedding, Bath. Exceptions are Women's intimate wears, men innerwear and overseas products.
You can also view the policy for overseas products in the product detail page.
Conditions for Returns
    • Product must be returned in original and undamaged manufacturer packaging or box.
    • Do not put tape or stickers on the manufacturers box
    • If Daraz packaging has been damaged, wrap the item in another layer of external packaging like plastic to avoid damage to the parcel during transportation. 
    • Include any of the following that came together with your item: free gifts, warranties, tags, manuals, any other accessories


How do I find and use refund voucher?
After the evaluation is complete, if the item is eligible for refund, please wait for the status to change from “Return Initiated” to “Refunded” for the item returned on your Daraz app/website, and you will receive a PN, email and SMS from Daraz. Then, simply follow the below steps:
Steps for app :
    1. Open your Daraz app, and login to your account.
    2. In the Daraz app homepage, click on “Account” at the bottom right. 
	3.Then, click on “Vouchers” at the top right.
	Next, click on “Store Credit” at the top right to find your refund voucher

Which banks support EMI transactions?
Below are the banks that support EMI transactions at a 0% rate (till April).

